docs/user-manual/modules/ROOT/pages/camel-4x-upgrade-guide-4_8.adoc, before:

= Apache Camel 4.x Upgrade Guide

This document is for helping you upgrade your Apache Camel application
from Camel 4.x to 4.y. For example, if you are upgrading Camel 4.0 to 4.2, then you should follow the guides
from both 4.0 to 4.1 and 4.1 to 4.2.

== Upgrading Camel 4.7 to 4.8


=== Deprecated Components

The following components that were marked as deprecated:

* camel-univocity-parsers

=== camel-as2

The header prefixes has been corrected from `CamelAS2.` -> `CamelAs2.` to be consistent with naming convention
used by other API based components. The documentation uses the correct naming prefix as `CamelAs2.`.

=== camel-kafka

The `KafkaIdempotentRepository` will now continue to sync cache updates after Camel has been started.
You can configure `startupOnly=true` to only sync the cache once on startup
(however then the cache is not synced with other Camel nodes in a cluster).

=== camel-tests

Continuing the multi-release tests cleanups, on this one, restricted methods from the `CamelTestSupport` class
have been marked as final and cannot be extended.

Commit message:

CAMEL-20844: UseOriginalAggregationStrategy should store caught exception in exchange property so the error information is accessible afterwards. (#15193)

docs/user-manual/modules/ROOT/pages/camel-4x-upgrade-guide-4_8.adoc, after:

= Apache Camel 4.x Upgrade Guide

This document is for helping you upgrade your Apache Camel application
from Camel 4.x to 4.y. For example, if you are upgrading Camel 4.0 to 4.2, then you should follow the guides
from both 4.0 to 4.1 and 4.1 to 4.2.

== Upgrading Camel 4.7 to 4.8

=== camel-core

The `UseOriginalAggregationStrategy` class will now propagate the caught exception stored in the exchange property `Exchange.EXCEPTION_CAUGHT`
as well. For example when using the Splitter EIP with this, then any caught exception during splitting, would be stored
as well, which allows access to this information afterward, for example in an `onCompletion` where the caught exception
can be used to know some error happened during splitting.

=== Deprecated Components

The following components that were marked as deprecated:

* camel-univocity-parsers

=== camel-as2

The header prefixes has been corrected from `CamelAS2.` -> `CamelAs2.` to be consistent with naming convention
used by other API based components. The documentation uses the correct naming prefix as `CamelAs2.`.

=== camel-kafka

The `KafkaIdempotentRepository` will now continue to sync cache updates after Camel has been started.
You can configure `startupOnly=true` to only sync the cache once on startup
(however then the cache is not synced with other Camel nodes in a cluster).

=== camel-tests

Continuing the multi-release tests cleanups, on this one, restricted methods from the `CamelTestSupport` class
have been marked as final and cannot be extended.
